[POT] Documentation update (#10068)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tools/pot/configs/README.md

        "config": "./configs/examples/accuracy_checker/mobilenet_v2.yaml"
    }
```

> The main parameter is `"type"` which can take two possible options: `"accuracy_checher"` (default) or `"simplified"`. It specifies the engine that is used for model inference and validation (if supported):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main parameter is `"type"` which can take two possible options: `"accuracy_checher"` (default) or `"simplified"`. It specifies the engine used for model inference and validation (if supported):
```

> - **Simplified mode** engines. These engines can be used only with `DefaultQuantization` algorithm to get fully quantized model. They do not use the Accuracy Checker tool and annotation. In the case of this mode the following parameters are applicable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Simplified mode** engines. These engines can be used only with `DefaultQuantization` algorithm to get a fully quantized model. They do not use the Accuracy Checker tool and annotation. In this mode, the following parameters are applicable:
```

>   - `"data_source"` Specifies path to directory​ where to calibration data is stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `"data_source"` - Specifies the path to the directory​ where calibration data is stored.
```

  - `"layout"` - (Optional) Layout of input data. Supported values: [`"NCHW"`, `"NHWC"`, `"CHW"`, `"CWH"`]​.
- **Accuracy Checker** engine. It relies on the [Deep Learning Accuracy Validation Framework](@ref omz_tools_accuracy_checker_README) (Accuracy Checker) when inferencing DL models and working with datasets.

> The benefit of this mode is you can compute accuracy in case you have annotations. It is possible to use accuracy aware

Reviewer: It is possible to use accuracy aware ---> When this mode is selected, you can use the accuracy aware algorithms family.

algorithms family when this mode is selected.

> There are two options to define engine parameters in that mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options to define engine parameters in this mode:
```

        "config": "./configs/examples/accuracy_checker/mobilenet_v2.yaml"
    }
```

> The main parameter is `"type"` which can take two possible options: `"accuracy_checher"` (default)or `"simplified"`. It specifies the engine that is used for model inference and validation (if supported):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main parameter is `"type"` which can take two possible options: `"accuracy_checher"` (default) or `"simplified"`. It specifies the engine that is used for model inference and validation (if supported):
```

        "config": "./configs/examples/accuracy_checker/mobilenet_v2.yaml"
    }
```
The main parameter is `"type"` which can take two possible options: `"accuracy_checher"` (default), `"simplified"`, 
 and `"data_free"` which specify the engine that is used for model inference and validation (if supported):
- **Data-free mode** and **Simplified mode** engines. These engines can be used only with `DefaultQuantization` algorithm to get fully quantized model. They do not use the Accuracy Checker tool and annotation. In the case of this mode the following parameters are applicable:
  - `"data_source"` (Optional for Data-free) Specifies path to directory​ where to calibration data is stored.
  - `"layout"` - (Optional) Layout of input data. Supported values: [`"NCHW"`, `"NHWC"`, `"CHW"`, `"CWH"`]​.

>   - `"shape"` - (Optional) input shapes must be provided​ if model has dynamic shapes.

Reviewer 3: As I know, `shape` is used to generate data for Data-free only

Author: @IndiraSalyahova, can you please confirm that Simplified mode does not need `shape` parameter? I am curious how we are going to deal with dynamic models in this case.

Reviewer 4: @AlexKoff88 There is no need. As far as I remember, we discussed this and decided that if the model is dynamic, then we submit the picture without changes (if the height and width are not specified). If only height or width then exception. Ticket: 74653

Author: ok, thanks

  - `"generate_data"` - (valid for Data-free only) if `"True"` generate synthetic data and store to `data_source`​. Otherwise, the dataset from `--data-source` will be used.

>   - `"data_type"` - (valid for Data-free only) You can specify the type of data to be generated.​ Currently only `image` is supported.​ It is planned to add 'text` and 'audio' cases​

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `"data_type"` - (valid for Data-free only) You can specify the type of data to be generated.​ Currently only `image` is supported.​ 
```

## Examples of the Configuration File

For a quick start, many examples of configuration files are provided [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/tools/pot/configs/examples). There you can find ready-to-use configurations for the models from various domains: Computer Vision (Image 
 Classification, Object Detection, Segmentation), Natural Language Processing, Recommendation Systems. We basically 
 put configuration files for the models which require non-default configuration settings in order to get accurate results.
For details on how to run the Post-Training Optimization Tool with a sample configuration file, see the [example](@ref pot_configs_examples_README).

## See Also

> * [Optimization with Data-free mode(@ref pot_docs_data_free_mode)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Optimization with Data-free mode](@ref pot_docs_data_free_mode)
```

> * [Optimization with Simplified mode(@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Optimization with Simplified mode](@ref pot_docs_simplified_mode)
```
